Update AI docs for OpenAI support (#578)
subquery/documentation: docs/ai/run/cli.md

          [string] [default: "https://unauthipfs.subquery.network/ipfs/api/v0/"]
      --ipfsAccessToken  A bearer authentication token to be used with the ipfs
                         endpoint                                       [string]
      --cacheDir         The location to cache data from ipfs. Default is a temp
                         directory                                      [string]
      --debug            Enable debug logging         [boolean] [default: false]
      --logFmt           Set the logger format
                        [string] [choices: "json", "pretty"] [default: "pretty"]

>   -h, --host             The LLM RPC host. If the project model uses ChatGPT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -h, --host             The LLM RPC host for non-OpenAI models. If the project model uses a OpenAI
```

Author: You can still set the host for OpenAI models, it just wont use the default value, instead it will use the default OpenAI endpoint
